So what did I do in my career that was different for my earlier thoughts
or time thinking about going into hello, I personally made up my
mind to go into the maybe in the third grade on. You know, at that point,
you have a lot of romanticism. You see all the movies of China
at that time to John Wayne movies and the father sent, and it looks
rather noble. It is a noble service. It is a noble calling. It is great
job to go into, but the day to day of running a ship being with
the division, Um, that is, shall we say, less romantic. The actual
day today, in and out, Um, the years seem to There's no saying for mothers
about years are short, but the days are long and so a day at
sea is very long. But when you look back, they flash by in an instant
and you recall your seats. I will say, you know one thing. You'll
make a lot of good friendships along the way along your tour. Along
your career, you'll always have one or two people that you will swear
by for life that you'll still know. I know men and women from all
my ships and the line see tours and short doors. Remember, you'll develop
very, very fond friendships will carry you for your lifetime.